Alex, Devin and 6 friends

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

Justin, Cuyler and Joe

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

Happy birthday big guy. Long time no see, hope things have been treating you well. Have a great one bud!

Happy birthday, Jay!

Happy birthday!

James and 5 friends went

258 members

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

265 members

68,385 members

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

Losing the trial of his life could mean losing everything.  When a young reporter is found dead and a prominent Philadelphia businessman ...

Losing the trial of his life could mean losing everything.  When a young reporter is found dead and a prominent Philadelphia businessman ...

Before the thorns taught me their sharp lessons and bled weakness from me I had but one brother, and I loved him well. But those days are...

Before the thorns taught me their sharp lessons and bled weakness from me I had but one brother, and I loved him well. But those days are...

Eilene and 3 friends went

Jeffery, Lily and 17 friends

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

#1 FREE POKER APP! Win the glorious WSOP Bracelet playing Texas Hold’Em and Omaha Poker!

happy birthday!

Happy Birthday to one of the most considerate and hard-working people I know :)



Also obligatory random photo :P

Jay!! HAPPY birthday!! I miss you in band 😭 I hope you have an awesome day!

haaaaaaaappy birthday neighbor (but not really anymore :( )

happy birthday lil jby (is that joke old yet?)

Happy birthday bro, have a good one.

Happy birthday Jay!

Happy birthday ya goof! Have a little laugh :)

Happy birthday tennis god

Happy Birthday! 🎂 ☺

Happy Birthday Jay!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAY

Happy birthday!

Go drink some jungle juice

happy jay

Happy birthday, and may the memes be ever in your favor! Buh... Buh... BUHHHH

Jayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy

Happy birthday! Thanks for another awesome year of quality memes and crazy things. I hope you turn 21 soon ;) &lt;3

Happy Birthday!

Happy birthday!!

Happy birthday, Jay! Hope you enjoyed the holidays and are ready for the semester.

Happy birthday Jay!

Happy birthday Jay!

Happy Birthday!

Happy birthday!

Happy birthday Jay! Pls enjoy this fun throwback to the A+ ice cream you got in China :)

Happy Birthday Jay!!!

Happy birthday

happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

8pm. 12/22/2016. 1272 Barnstable Lane. Snacks will be provided, feel free to bring more food. No (wrapped) gift no entry.

5 Went

I can potentially host this, what time would be optimal?

Devin and 5 friends went

James and 10 friends went

Shared to Penn State League of Legends

Shared to Penn State League of Legends

Introducing Zero, the first card that acts like a debit card and earns credit card rewards. Level up to Zerocard Carbon, featuring 3.0% cash back, then get $100 per referral.

Luke and 3 friends visited this place

1,520 members

1,037 members

Jaia and 7 friends went

Isabella and 5 friends went

14 members

As Cuyler's dutiful servant I am here to inform you that both he and Sojung will only be reachable through text as a result of a social media "fast". Unfortunately, snapstreaks will be broken however you should text them because they will feel lonely :).

Isaac and 17 friends went

Hey guys, so with 9 people saying they're going (so far), I think taking 3 cars would be the best option since Hershey is (kind of) long distance. I can be one of the drivers!

Jaia and 7 friends went

Harly and 29 friends went

48 Went

James and 3 friends went

15 members

Anthony and 15 friends went

Jaia and 14 friends went

Milan and 15 friends went

Kendall and 22 friends went

2,217 members

Listen to Season 2016 Theme by LeagueofLegends #np on #SoundCloud

Do you play Hearthstone? Join our tournament! There's a wide range of player skill from beginners to legends so there will be fun for everyone.



The password is statecollege, message me if you have any questions!

84 members

Happy birthday!

Listen to LeagueofLegends | SoundCloud is an audio platform that lets you listen to what you love and share the sounds you create.

Happy birthday bud !

happy very prompt birthday

Happy Birthday before it's too late

596 members

AWEEE HAPPY BIRTHDAY BIG GUY , STUDY UP FOR CHEM &lt;3 )

Happy Birthday Jay!!! I hope all is going well :)

Happy birthday Jay 󾌵 hope someday you'll get better at Frisbee

Happy birthday jay! Here's is the unedited version of the NYE pic. You make me laugh and angry but still are a great friend. I'll see you in psych soon

Jayyyyy &lt;3 Happy birthday (and new year)!! You're soooo old now. I hope it's a good and special one :) And now that we have apps out of the way, let's make senior year a good one! 

P.S. Sorry I don't have a photo of us :/

Happy

Hey Jay I found this in an old folder. Here's a throwback to 2013. Also Happy Birthday!

Happy birthday man!